# Kickstarter-Funding Analysis
Analyzing Kickstarter project data to launch successful project  

## Overview of Project
Louise a play enthusiast recently launched a play called Fever but came short of funding the project. As a client, Louise is curious to see how other campaigns compared in relation to their launch dates and their funding goals. Using obtainable Kickstarter project data we are put to the task to analyze and sort through the data to find information relative to the interest of Louise’s next play venture and present our findings to help our client be able to achieve a successful project next time around.  
### Purpose
In order to provide our client, Louise, with concrete feedback we are tasked to analyze data based on the various launch dates and funding goals to campaigns similar to Louise’s play. Since Louise’s project is falls under the category of theater, 1,396 projects need to be reviewed to see how Louise’s project was being managed to achieve the total goal funded. By narrowing the data by launch dates, we can provide the client with information on the best time of the year to launch a project in order to have the most success with funding the next project since the previous project came short of funding the full goal. In addition to sorting the various projects by launch date, viewing the projects based by goal is an important component since it help give perspective to Louise on whether the amount she was trying to raise was on par with the similar projects within the theater Kickstarter projects.    
## Analysis and Challenges
To make our findings as accurate as possible sorting the data is a must. From the various Kickstarter campaigns, we determined that the data must be sorted to only view campaigns within Theater which contains subcategories of musicals, plays and spaces. With the narrowing of the data, we can present the client with campaigns that were successful and have many donors that help those various campaigns be successful. 

Our analysis must be through so that at the end of the project the results we present are clear and help our client have a clear understanding of what went wrong. The data must be provided in a rational and precise way to help the client launch their next campaign and have a 100% success rate. Veering away from the vison can lead to complications since it can lead to the data being skewed and not accurately portraying what was requested by the client.

